Create a database out of these.  
Turn the whole thing into an array.
Generate something that returns random parts of the database array.
Print it out to the footer, at the bottom.


“It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor.”
Seneca

“Money is only a tool. It will take you wherever you wish, but it will not replace you as the driver.”
Ayn Rand

“Only buy something that you’d be perfectly happy to hold if the market shuts down for ten years.”
Warren Buffett

“Not he who has much is rich, but he who gives much.”
Erich Fromm

“Time is more valuable than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time.”
Jim Rohn

“That man is richest whose pleasures are cheapest.”
Henry David Thoreau

“Wealth is the ability to fully experience life.”
Henry David Thoreau

“If you would be wealthy, think of saving as well as getting.”
Ben Franklin

“I made my money the old-fashioned way. I was very nice to a wealthy relative right before he died.”
Malcolm Forbes

“If we command our wealth, we shall be rich and free. If our wealth commands us, we are poor indeed.”
Edmund Burke

“The real measure of your wealth is how much you’d be worth if you lost all your money.”
Unknown

“Never spend your money before you have earned it.”
Thomas Jefferson

“A wise person should have money in their head, but not in their heart.”
Jonathan Swift

“If money is your hope for independence you will never have it. The only real security that a man will have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience, and ability.”
Henry Ford

“Money, if it does not bring you happiness, will at least help you be miserable in comfort.” – Helen Gurley Brown

“Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.” – Woody Allen

“Money is not the most important thing in the world. Love is. Fortunately, I love money.” – Jackie Mason

“The safest way to double your money is to fold it over and put it in your pocket.” – Kin Hubbard

“A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it.” – Bob Hope

“Money is the best deodorant.” – Elizabeth Taylor

“Money often costs too much.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson

"There is a very easy way to return from a casino with a small fortune: go there with a large one." Jack Yelton

“What’s worth doing is worth doing for money.” –Gordon Gekko

“All I ask is the chance to prove that money can't make me happy.” Spike Milligan

“You should always live within your income, even if you have to borrow to do so.”Josh Billings

“What's the use of happiness? It can't buy you money.”Henry Youngman

“If you owe the bank $100 that's your problem. If you owe the bank $100 million, that's the bank's problem.” JP Getty

“I have enough money to last me the rest of my life, unless I buy something.” -Jackie Mason

“When people ask me if I have any spare change, I tell them I have it at home in my spare wallet.”-Nick Arnette

“If hard work were such a wonderful thing, surely the rich would have kept it all to themselves.” -Lane Kirkland

“What is the difference between a taxidermist and a tax collector? The taxidermist takes only your skin” –Mark Twain

"I’m tired of hearing about money, money, money, money, money. I just want to play the game, drink Pepsi, wear Reebok.” — Shaquille O’Neal
